Improve web example app (#3)
Navideck/universal_ble: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.8.3

> * Add example web app in readme
> * Add `WebRequestOptionsBuilder.defaultServices` to get default services list for using as optionalServices in webApps
> * Improve example app
> * Improve readme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `WebRequestOptionsBuilder.defaultServices` for convenience when setting `optionalServices` when scanning on web
* Add "try online" URL in readme
* Improve readme
* Improve example app
```
